# belly-button-challenge-1-
Module 14 Challenge
I created a New repository belly-button-challenge-1, I cloned this repository to my computer. I copied the files in from the startercode folder within the Module 14 Challenge zip file i.e. index.html, smaples.json, and the static folder. I pushed the above changes to Github, and deployed the new repository to Github pages. 
I used the D3 library to read in the samples.json from the URL https://static.bc-edx.com/data/dl-1-2/m14/lms/starter/samples.json. I created a horizontal bar chart with a dropdown menu to display the top 10 OTUsfound in that individual, I used sample_values as the values for the bar chart. I used otu_ids as the bar chart. I also used otu_labels as the hovertext for the chart. I created a bubble chart that displays each sample. I used otu_ids for the x values, used sample_values for the y values, used sample_values for the mrker size, I used otu_ids for the marker colors and used otu_labels for the text values. I displayed the sample's metadata i.e. an individual's demographic information, I lopped through each key-value pair from the metadata JSON object and created a text string. I appended an html tag with that text to the samples-metadata panel. I updated all the plots when a new sample was selected. I deployed my app to a free static page hosting service, such as Github pages. I submitted the links to my deployment and my Github repo. I made sure that my respository has reular commints and a ReadMe.Md file. I used console.log inside my JavaScript code to see what my data looks like at each step. I refered to the Plotly.js documentation when builidng the plots. 
